Update SCN section (#150)
equinor/appsec: docs/security-champion/2-security_champion_activities.md

## Introduce yourself

Say hello in the [Security Champion channel](https://equinor.slack.com/archives/C036HGPBJ04) 👋 Always fun to meet new champions.

## Ensure that all your code is being scanned by SAST

Ensure all your projects code is scanned by Snyk, and that you have Snyk Code enabled for your projects. Using a linter is always good when you develop!

## Define [security requirements](../resources/security_requirements.md)

Have a look at our [security requirements](../resources/security_requirements.md) page and define some for your project.

## Check out our guidelines

We have created a few [guidelines](../guidelines/index.md). Please check them out and consider implementing them in your projects where it makes sense.

!!! info

>     Feedback is good, so if you have any, please create a PR at our [github repo](https://github.com/equinor/appsec/)!

Reviewer: PRs are great but require efforts, let's accept simple nudges as well

```suggestion
    Feedback is good, so if you have any, feel free to contact us, or even create a PR on our [github repo](https://github.com/equinor/appsec/)!
```
